hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're going
to be talking about the 2002 film Star
Wars Episode two attack of the clones so
let's get started a portion of the
summary is based on that you've seen the
previous film if you'd like a quick
summary check out the link below the
film takes place 10 years after episode
1 with the Galactic Republic facing a
new group known as the separatist
movement led by the Sith Lord Count
Dooku senator Padme goes to Khorasan to
vote for a plan to create an army to
assist the Jedi against the separatist
movement after avoiding an assassination
attempt Padme is put under the
protection of obi-wan Kenobi and his
apprentice Anakin Skywalker a second
assassination attempt occurs obi-wan and
Anakin capture the would-be assassin
however she is assassinated by another
bounty hunter with a toxic Dart Obi one
takes the poisonous dart to be analyzed
and identified to capture the other
bounty hunter while Anakin escorts Padme
back to Naboo where the two of them fall
in love which is forbidden by the Jedi
way Obi Wan's investigation takes him to
the planet of Kamino where he discovers
that a clone army is being produced for
the Galactic Republic however it is
unclear who commissioned or approved of
their production as it was never voted
on Obi Wan finds the Bounty Hunter Jango
Fett who was used for the original for
the Clone Army and is also the same
bounty hunter who took out the assassin
that attempted to kill Padme Jango kept
one of the clones for himself named him
boba which he wants to raise as his own
son obi-wan follows Jango and Bobo to
the desert planet of Genesis meanwhile
Anakin has visions of his mother Shmi
being in pain and travels with Padme to
his homeworld to save her when he
arrives
Anakin meets his mother's new husband
clegg Lars as well as his stepbrother
Owen Lars Anakin's new step family and
forms him that his mother Shmi has been
kidnapped by Tusken Raiders a few weeks
earlier Anakin travels into the
wilderness finds the Tuscan
campsite finds his tortured and injured
mother who eventually dies from her
wounds anakin becomes enraged and kills
all the Tusken Raiders at the camp
including their children and it can then
returns to his step family with his
mother's body and admits to Padme what
he did and says they will find a way to
learn how to prevent death back on
Geonosis obi-wan discovers the
separatists and Count Dooku are behind
the assassination attempts on Padme and
are now creating a massive battle droid
army with the Viceroy Gunray the leader
of the Trade Federation from the first
film obi-wan has his findings related to
the Jedi Council and is captured by the
separatists Supreme Chancellor Palpatine
of the Galactic Empire is voted
emergency powers which allows him to use
the Clone Army to send them into battle
against the separatists Anakin and Padme
travel to Genesis to rescue obi-wan but
are also captured obi-wan Anakin and
Padme are all sentenced to death in a
gladiator or Colosseum fashion they are
rescued however by the Jedi Council and
the Clone Army and a battle breaks out
between the clones and the droids Anakin
and obi-wan engage Count Dooku in a
fight where obi-wan is injured and
Anakin loses his right arm Jedi Master
Yoda one of the oldest members of the
Jedi Council battles Dooku but Dooku
escapes to who flees to Khorasan where
he delivers the plans for a super weapon
to his SIF master Death Sidious Darth
Sidious the same Sith Lord from the
first film confirms that everything is
going according to plan
the Jedi announced that this is the
beginning of the Clone Wars and that
they will be battling the separatists
for a long time to come Anakin gets a
robotic arm and secretly marries Padme
on Naboo ending the film so that was the
spoilers for Star Wars Episode two
attack of the clones we will be spoiling
all of the Star Wars films before the
theater release of episode seven so
please look out for those if you have a
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching